[v14 ready] New stability computation (#739)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/steady_state_functionality/steady_state_stability_computation.md

Reviewer: I haven't really read this carefully, but please at least show one example on changing the tolerance.

Author: added

# Steady state stability computation
After system steady states have been found using [HomotopyContinuation.jl](@ref homotopy_continuation), [NonlinearSolve.jl](@ref nonlinear_solve), or other means, their stability can be computed using Catalyst's `steady_state_stability` function. Systems with conservation laws will automatically have these removed, permitting stability computation on systems with singular Jacobian.

!!! warn 

>     Catalyst currently computes steady state stabilities using the naive approach of checking whether a system's largest eigenvalue real part is negative. While more advanced stability computation methods exist (and would be a welcome addition to Catalyst), there is no direct plans to implement these. Furthermore, Catalyst uses a arbitrary tolerance $tol ≈ 1.5*10^-7$ to determine whether a computed eigenvalue is far away enough from 0 to be reliably used. This selected threshold, however, have not been subject to further analysis (and can be changed through the `tol` argument).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Catalyst currently computes steady state stabilities using the naive approach of checking whether a system's largest eigenvalue real part is negative. While more advanced stability computation methods exist (and would be a welcome addition to Catalyst), there is no direct plans to implement these. Furthermore, Catalyst uses a tolerance `tol = 10*sqrt(eps())` to determine whether a computed eigenvalue is far away enough from 0 to be reliably used. This threshold can be changed through the `tol` keyword argument.
```
I don't think it is arbitrary, it is motivated by the defaults for `isapprox` but a bit more conservative.

Author: sounds good
